Section - A
Q1. What are the major features in different versions of Spring Framework?
	IOC
	Dependancy Injection
	MVC
	
Q2. What is a Spring Framework?
	Spring framework is an application framework that is used to develop java application.
	

Q3. List the advantages of Spring Framework
	Serverless
	Easy to develop and test

Q4. What are the different features of Spring Framework?
	IOC
	Dependancy Injection
	MVC


Q5. How many modules are there in Spring Framework and what are they?
	Core
	Beans
	Context
	MVC
	AOP
	Web
	

Q6. What is a Spring configuration file?
	It is actually a xml file. It contains all the informations about the application. The informations are like classes or interfaces and their dependencies.


Q7. What are the different components of a Spring application?
	IOC
	MVC
	JDBC


Q8. What are the various ways of using Spring Framework?
	We can use the configuration xml file to use spring.
	We done it with the java code itself using annotation.


Q9. What is Spring IOC Container?
	
	The IOC container is responsible for instantizing and configuring objects.

Q10. What do you mean by Dependency Injection?
	Dependancy injection is used to remove dependency from code by making it loosely coupling. We can give the dependencies of one object to another.


Q11. How to install spring boot in IntelliJ IDEA?
	Open Settings in the ide and go for plugins. Search for spring and install it.
	
Q12. Please change default server port from 8080 to 9090? 
	We can do it in the application.properties file by adding the following line 
		server.port=9090
	

Q13. How to resolve whitelabel error page in spring boot application?
	We can do it in the application.properties file by adding the following line 
		server.error.whitelabel.enabled=false
	
Q14. How are i18n and localization supported in Spring MVC?
	

Q15. Differentiate between a Bean Factory and an Application Context.
	These two are the containers available in spring. BeanFactory provides the basic functionalities for configuring beans and Application Context provides more additional advanced functionalities

Q16. Difference between Autowired , Inject and Qualifier Annotation
	Autowired and Qualifier are tha anottation available with spring where as inject is available with java itself


Section - B
Q 1 - Which of the following is correct assertion about spring?
	D) - All of above.

2. The concept of an endpoint in web services is much like that of a controller in web applications.
	a) True

3. An alternative to Spring HibernateTemplate is:-
	b) Hibernate contextual sessions

4. DAO methods must be made transactional.
	a) True

5. Annotation to find a transaction and then fail, complaining that no Hibernate session been bound to the thread.
	b) @Transactional

6. Class used to have full access to the Spring context’s life cycle machinery and dependency injection.
    	A. DelegatingFilterProxy

7. What is Front controller pattern in spring?
	(A) Dispatcher servlet

8. - What is singleton scope?
	A - This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container.

9. What are the JPA @Entity association attributes?
    	A. Association validation

10. What are beans in the concept of Spring or what are spring beans?
	(D) Any class that is managed by the container.

11.Which interface in spring is responsible for Instantiating and managing the so called Spring beans?
	(B) ApplicationContext

12. JPA implementation is provided by ---?
    	D. All of the above 
	
13. What is byName mode of autowiring?
	B - Autowiring by property name. Spring tries to match and wire its properties with the beans defined by the same names in the configuration file.

14. What is Spring MVC framework?
	B - The Spring web MVC framework provides model-view-controller architecture and ready components that can be used to develop flexible and loosely coupled web applications.

15. What is the Life Cycle Of A Jpa Entity?
   	D. All of the above 

16. Which of the following statement is correct?
    	D. Spring using Dependency Injection and supports loose coupling.
	
17. What annotation is used to map a method for PUT request?
    	A. @PutMapping

18. What is the built-in library in Spring Boot used to serialize objects to JSON format?
    	B. Jackson

19. Annotation for Hibernate exceptions to be translated into Spring’s DataAccessException for consistent exception handling
    	C. @Repository

20. What annotation is used to map value to the method argument in http://localhost/factorial/{value}?
    	@PathVariable
